today i want to show you three key facts
that you need to understand before you
can see any success with google ads for
your business or your product the reason
for why i'm so passionate about google
ads is because google ads has changed my
life i don't say that lightly let's
rewind back to 2010 my life was good my
wife and i had two kids and we had the
third one on the way we just bought our
first house and we're settled into the
great australian dream or depending
where you live that could be the great
american dream or the great european
dream or the great indian dream why does
everywhere seem to have that same dream
that owning a house is the pinnacle in
life anyway our journey with google ads
started with this crazy idea of starting
our own business so we started to take
steps of achieving our dream of having
our own villa resort and bali a reality
why bali you ask it was because years
earlier that's where we had a honeymoon
and we absolutely fell in love with
barley were you a builder who was now
living in bali so we just needed two
more things money to buy the land and
sales we sold our house which solved the
whole buying the land thing but what we
needed now was sales so we took of the
steps that you would usually take we
signed on some real estate agents who
gave us exactly zero leads and zero
sales we then tried a marketing agency
who apparently specialized in marketing
holiday villa resorts when in fact the
only thing they specialized in was well
broken promises so our last chance was
to do it ourselves and that's where
google ads came in we had 10 months to
sell two villas that weren't even built
yet for us to be able to achieve our
dream it started slow but then inquiries
started to come in google ads was
working and as they say the rest was
history our dream came true and in april
2012 we welcomed our first guests to our
villa resort in bali and since that time
we've now welcomed thousands of guests
from all over the world plus we also got
to live in bali for four years and this
is why i love google ads because it
gives you the power to make the dreams
for your business and your life come
true why am i telling you all of this
because what i didn't mention that since
2014 when other businesses started to
hear about our success with google ads
they asked me to start creating and
managing google ads campaigns for their
businesses and this is what we've done
since then creating successful google
ads campaigns for all businesses in all
different niches with all different
sizes of budgets my name is aaron young
and i'm your 15 000 google ads master
and i've learned how to sell any product
or service with google ads on any budget
at the start of this video i said i
would share the three facts that you
need to know before you can see any type
of success in google ads well let's get
into them right now actually just wait
can you do me a favor so that i can keep
creating videos like this teaching you
how you can use google ads to build your
own business would you please like this
video and also subscribe to my channel
thank you the first thing is is that you
need to understand the goal of google
before you worry about learning how to
set up a google ads account or how to
optimize your ads you first they need to
understand what google is trying to
achieve with google ads at its core
google wants to match what the person
searches with the best web page on the
internet the problem is is at the moment
in 2022 it's estimated that there is
over 50 billion different web pages
that's right 50 billion so to give
google any chance of finding your
product or service amongst those 50
billion different web pages you need to
make sure that every one of your google
ads matches a single search enquiry and
then secondly you need to make sure that
your ads are pointing to an individual
landing page which answers that specific
search enquiry so to give your google
ads campaign the best chance for success
making sure that your ads are matching
those individual search enquiries your
campaign structure needs to look like
this so underneath your main google ads
account you need to have individual and
separate campaigns followed by separate
ad groups which are then followed by
individual keyword themes so each ad
group only has one keyword theme and
then the reason for why we do that is
and that then allows us to have
individualized ad text and landing pages
for these individual keywords that we
have at this level to break this out
further and give you an example campaign
structure it would look like this using
our villa resort and bali as an example
at our campaign level it's broken into
the different search terms so one
bedroom villas two bedroom villas our
bali general and seminyak general
campaigns they're then broken into the
different ad groups and you can see
through here with our two bedroom villas
we've actually broken them into the
keyword theme of bali and seminyak so we
don't mix these two together and then
this allows us to direct individual
search queries to the most important
parts of our website so if they search
about a one bedroom villa they're going
to see a different ad copy and a
different landing page versus someone
else who was to search two bedroom
villas in bali and once again if someone
was to search luxury villas in bali they
would see a different ad text and
landing page and this type of structure
is a way that you can increase your
chances for success in google ads so by
understanding the goal of google is to
match individual search enquiries with
individual landing pages by setting up
your campaign in this structure you're
giving google exactly what it wants and
increasing your chance of having success
with google ads if you want to learn
more about this method after you've
finished watching this video jump over
and watch my need more sales get better
keywords videos and i've put the link in
the description below the second thing
they need to understand for success in
google ads and this is where most
campaigns fail because for success in
google ads you don't only need to know
how to use google ads and how to
optimize your google ads campaign but
you need to also understand your product
and your customer intimately this is why
most people don't see success in google
ads and why many campaigns that are run
by digital agencies are just not
successful because they don't take time
to learn the product and the target
customer market remember once again the
50 billion different web pages being
general on google ads just doesn't work
for success in google ads you need to be
specific and targeted so as a business
owner my recommendation to you is to run
your own google ads why is that because
even though google ads falls under the
banner of digital marketing it's
actually very analytical and because of
that for success you need to be able to
understand your product a quick question
for you and also leave your answer in
the comments section below who knows
your product best you or a digital
agency of course it'll always be you not
only do you know your product better
than anyone no one else has the same
desire drive and passion to see success
because the success of your business and
your product has a direct impact into
your life streams the reason for why i
love google ads is it allows me as a
business owner to take responsibility
for my own dreams so that they're not
reliant on another business so you
already know your product or service
better than anyone else the good news is
is that google ads is something that you
can do yourself it is something that
your business can do itself so you
already know your product and service
better than anyone else but the good
news is is that you can actually learn
google ads and that is why as a business
owner especially a small business owner
or a new business owner you should take
control of your own marketing and take
control of your own business's success
and run your own google ads campaign
because the most important thing in
running your own google ads campaign is
what we're gonna talk about in point
three the final fact that you need to
understand for success in google ads is
that the most important thing in running
any google ads campaign is that you need
to have a specific google ads
optimization schedule in my experience
running google ads campaigns from
everything from villa resorts and
barleys to children's products to health
e-commerce stores to business to
business products to technology software
to apps home maintenance services waste
removal services professional services
and every e-commerce product that you
can think of the one thing that is
guaranteed success in all of those
campaigns is that you need to have a
schedule of what you will optimize and
when you are optimized so you need to
know what you need to optimize in google
every 72 hours every week every month
every 90 days and even every year think
of it like going to the gym would any
personal trainer just tell you to do
bench presses every day in order for you
to get fit no of course they wouldn't
they put a program together which allows
for different muscles to have time to be
worked and time to also rest this is the
same for google ads you need to know
when to check certain things for some
items like search term audits and
checking your keywords they need to be
checked and optimized once or twice
every week versus when you're checking
your audiences and your bid
optimizations you don't need to check
those until every sort of 45 or 60 days
and to help you with this i've actually
put together a google ads checklist now
this is a checklist that you're going to
be able to use if you're very new to
google or if you've been doing google
for five six seven years because what
this does it puts in a process of what
you need to do on each individual day
and week in order for you to see success
in your google ads campaign all you need
to do is follow the link in the
description below and you can get your
very own copy of my google ads
optimization checklist if you're new to
google ads and want to find out how to
complete your google ads keyword
research why don't you check out this
video or if you want to see what
optimizations are working in google ads
right now why don't you check out this
video once again it's been my absolute
pleasure to teach you a little bit more
about google ads in this video before
you leave remember to please subscribe
to my channel thank you again and see
you next time